1 a  Let all who are under a yoke as bondservants ▼ regard their own masters as worthy of all honor c  so that the name of God and the teaching may not be reviled. 2Those who have believing masters must not be disrespectful on the ground that they are d  brothers; rather they must serve all the better since those who benefit by their good service are believers and beloved.
False Teachers and True Contentment
e  Teach and urge these things. 3If anyone f  teaches a different doctrine and does not agree with g  the sound ▼ words of our Lord Jesus Christ and the teaching i  that accords with godliness, 4 j  he is puffed up with conceit and k  understands nothing. He has an unhealthy craving for l  controversy and for m  quarrels about words, which produce envy, dissension, slander, evil suspicions, 5and constant friction among people n  who are depraved in mind and deprived of the truth, o  imagining that godliness is a means of gain. 6But p  godliness q  with contentment is great gain, 7for r  we brought nothing into the world, and ▼ we cannot take anything out of the world. 8But t  if we have food and clothing, with these we will be content. 9But u  those who desire to be rich fall into temptation v  into a snare, into many senseless and harmful desires that w  plunge people into ruin and destruction. 10For the love of money is a root of x  all kinds of evils. It is through this craving that some have wandered away from the faith and pierced themselves with many pangs.
Fight the Good Fight of Faith
11But as for you y  O man of God z  flee these things. aa  Pursue righteousness, godliness, faith, love, steadfastness, gentleness. 12 ab  Fight the good fight of the faith. ac  Take hold of the eternal life ad  to which you were called and about which you made ae  the good confession in the presence of many witnesses. 13 af  I charge you in the presence of God, who gives life to all things, and of Christ Jesus ag  who in his testimony before ▼ Pontius Pilate made ai  the good confession, 14to keep the commandment unstained and free from reproach until aj  the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ, 15which he will display ak  at the proper time—he who is al  the blessed and only Sovereign am  the King of kings and Lord of lords, 16 an  who alone has immortality ao  who dwells in ap  unapproachable light aq  whom no one has ever seen or can see. To him be honor and eternal dominion. Amen.
17As for the rich in ar  this present age, charge them as  not to be haughty, nor at  to set their hopes on au  the uncertainty of riches, but on God, av  who richly provides us with everything to enjoy. 18They are to do good, aw  to be rich in good works, to be generous and ax  ready to share, 19thus ay  storing up treasure for themselves as a good foundation for the future, so that they may az  take hold of ba  that which is truly life.
20O Timothy, guard the deposit entrusted to you. bb  Avoid the bc  irreverent babble and contradictions of what is falsely called “knowledge,” 21for by professing it some have swerved from the faith.
bd  Grace be with you. 
